
Slide and Glide - Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 3 March 2024

Introduction

This Privacy Policy describes how we, NotMuchGaming ("we", "us", or "our"), collect, use, and disclose information in connection with our game, Slide and Glide (the "Game").

We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Game, regardless of their location.

Information We Collect

We collect the following information from you when you play the Game:

Device Information: We collect information about your device, such as your device type, operating system, unique device identifier, and IP address.
Gameplay Information: We collect information about your gameplay, such as your progress, level, and scores.
Crash Data: We may collect crash data to help us identify and fix bugs in the Game.
How We Use Your Information

We use the information we collect for the following purposes:

To operate and improve the Game: We use the information we collect to operate and improve the Game, such as to fix bugs, address balance issues, and personalize your experience.
To analyze trends and usage: We may use the information we collect to analyze trends and usage of the Game, such as to understand which features are most popular and how players are interacting with the Game.
To comply with law: We may use the information we collect to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Information Sharing

We may share your information with the following third parties:

Service providers: We may share your information with third-party service providers who help us operate and improve the Game, such as cloud storage providers and analytics providers.
Law enforcement: We may share your information with law enforcement if we are required to do so by law.
Your Choices

You have the following choices regarding your information:

Accessing your information: You can request access to the information we collect about you by contacting us at slyzasocials@gmail.com.
Deleting your information: You can request that we delete the information we collect about you by contacting us at slyzasocials@gmail.com.
Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child has provided us with information, please contact us at slyzasocials@gmail.com. We will take steps to delete the information from our servers.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Game.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at slyzasocials@gmail.com.
